---
layout: post
title: "Week 3"
---

Another week, another on-set of failed quizzes...lol. I yi yi, I just can not
seem to be able to pass these quizzes. I feel like I study enough for them, but
I guess I need to step my game up. I am just lousy in general when it comes to
tests and quizzes.

Anyway, this week we finished up our second project "Netflix," which was a fun
project. We had the chance to work with partners on this one, so Perry and I
teamed up to tackle this feat. I really enjoy pair programming. Things just
seem to move along at a lot better rate and with more precision. I have
definitely become a huge proponent of Extreme Programming ever since reading
about it. Our next project should allow us to implement XP's practices, so I am
looking forward to it. 

I ended up getting a perfect score on our first project, which was nice.
However, my overall grade in the class could be better. I am just right below
the mean, thanks to the quizzes. Hopefully I can do well on the test to bring
it up, but I am not getting my hopes up. Don't get me wrong though, I am going
to study as much as I can for it, but as I said before, tests just are not my
strong suit. 

I would say the highlight to this week was the tutorial on cloud computing we
got from Everette, who is a representative/software engineer for Rackspace. I
am actually doing independent research on cloud computing, so it was nice to
have someone in-the-know solidify the concepts. I also find it convenient to be
able to spin up our own servers and actually get some hands-on experience with
cloud computing.

### Tip of The Week

So it seems like Python's generators should be used for everything due to its
efficiency on space; however, after Googling this notion, I have come to find
some good tips via [Stack
Overflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/245792/when-is-not-a-good-time-to-use-python-generators)
as to when to use a list instead of a generator. In summary, you'll want to use a list instead when accessing data multiple times, needing random access, or needing to join strings.
