---
layout: post
title: "Week 2"
---

Although this was the second week of class, it felt more like the first since
last week only consisted of one lecture. Anyway, it was a great week, and I
learned way more than expected. Professor Downing is by far one of the best
lecturers here at the University of Texas. He speaks very clearly when
explaining concepts, and he also speaks very fast. Spacing out for one
second could be detrimental to understanding the lecture. I end up having to
record the lecture so I can review any confusing topics later on. I've also
taken the iniative of posting my notes to our class dicussion page for other
students to review. It's a nice feeling to contribute useful information to
others, and it also helps me stay focused during lecture. I was even able to
help a fellow classmate with a programming bug by recalling some pertinant
information from lecture. Normally I would have missed such small details, but
transcribing my notes for the class is keeping my mind sharp.

As far as the topics are concerned, I couldn't be happeir with them. Web
application development is my drug of choice when it comes to Computer Science.
I've been doing web app development for a few years now, but I have yet to have
a formal education in it, so I'm pretty excited about this course.

### Tip of The Week

Force yourself to learn the inner-workings of your development tools. It'll be
more beneficial in the long-run to take the time to understand how things
work, rather than resorting back to uncommon practices. For example, if you're
not sure how to clear a line in bash (e.g. Ctrl + U), Google how-to instead of
just holding down the backspace button.  
