---
layout: post
title: "Week 5"
---

I have to say Software Engineering is by far the best class I have ever taken
at UT. The first two projects were fun, but this last project takes the cake. I
love building web applications, so to be able to do it as a class assignment is
killer! I feel this project is solidifying the skills I have been building on
for the past few years, and to be able to use my knowledge to help guide my
fellow teammates is a great feeling. However, my teammates have a vast wealth
of knowledge as well. 

As a team, we are cranking out great technology. Not only does the front-end
look great, but the back-end is absolutely beautiful. I have to give Perry Feng
a shout-out for the awesome job he did on the database.  He was able to
programmatically scrape all of our needed content, as well as dump it all into
a database a week before such milestones were due; thus, the second phase of
this project is going smoothly since the main objective was to setup our
dynamic content system. Keep in mind though the entire team is doing phenomenal
with their individual responsibilities.

We finally got to see everything working together regarding our dynamic content
system, which was a cool feeling within itself. We were all hovered around one
computer for the final implementation of the API. After fixing a few bugs and
fist pumps, we finally got to see everything in action. Now we are just doing
some clean up and we should be done in plenty of time for Tuesday's
deadline.

### Tip of The Week

Over the past few weeks I have come to really enjoy pair programming and
extreme programming in general. I highly recommend to take part in it whenever
possible. Our team has caught so many mistakes and has worked so efficiently by
doing so. I always worried such practices would be a waste of resources, but
they truly are not. 
